We'll welcome back we're going to do a fun little exercise here now instead of me just reading off what
I wrote.
I have a little ASP for you.
You're going to use this cheat sheet and look at the step by step through a problem which is a 15 step
guide of what you should do when you're in a coding interview to solve a problem.
And I want you to use this as you watch a little video.
Now this video is actually produced by Google and it demonstrates it's 24 men and so it's a little bit
long but it demonstrates how you should answer a coding interview.
And in my opinion this is the best coding interview that I've ever seen.
Now I want you to watch this and keep in mind that because we have learned data structures and algorithms
yet this is going to be quite difficult for you to understand.
And that's the goal here.
When you watch this it's going to be really really hard to follow the actual coding maybe some of the
language that they use.
I believe they're writing the code in C++ So if you don't know C++ it might be difficult but that's
not the point.
The point for you here is to watch this video but also read the step by step through a problem and see
how the interview he in this case in this video follows these steps.
And these steps are what you're going to do when you solve a problem in a coding interview.
The fun thing is that at the end of this course we're going to revisit the video this video and you're
going to notice a difference from this very first time you that you're going to watch this video to
the very end where what the interviewee does become second nature.
You understand what they're coding in what they're doing to solve the problem.
And all these little steps so that I succeed if you completely get this video and you understand how
to run a successful interview at a company like Google or any large company or maybe even start up depending
on what you like.
So to get started I'll be right back.
You go watch this video.
You follow the 15 steps.
And after this we're going to do a little problem of our own and follow the guide the 15 step guide
to solve our own little problem.
I'll see in that one.
Babai.